

## Response format
Below is a response that was generated using the prompt in our previous page. 
```python-hide-clipboard
{
  "choices": [
    {
      "finish_reason": "stop",
      "index": 0,
      "message": {
        "content": "Animal behavior can vary greatly depending on the species and environment they inhabit.",
        "role": "assistant"
      }
    }
  ],
  "created": 1681688074,
  "id": "chatcmpl-766B8BCz36OIR7eLKRFVbIoGO8qgL",
  "model": "gpt-3.5-turbo-0301",
  "object": "chat.completion",
  "usage": {
    "completion_tokens": 14,
    "prompt_tokens": 31,
    "total_tokens": 45
  }
}
```
 let's go through each part of the generated response from the ChatGPT API:
* **choices**: This key contains an array of generated responses. In this case, there's only one response, but depending on the API settings, there might be more.
* **finish_reason**: Every response will include a finish_reason. This key indicates why the response generation was finished. 

|||
Possible values for **finish_reason**:
**"stop"**: Complete model output returned
**"length"**: Incomplete output due to max_tokens or token limit
**"content_filter"**: Content excluded by content filters
**"null"**: Ongoing or incomplete API response
|||

* "**index**": This key represents the index number of the choice within the "choices" array. As there's only one choice here, the index is 0.

* "**message**": This key holds the actual response message from the AI assistant.

|||
It contains two sub-keys:
1. "**content**": This key holds the text generated by the AI. In this case, it's a statement about animal behavior.
2. "**role**": This key indicates the role of the entity sending the message. Here, the role is "assistant," which represents the AI.

|||

* "**created**": This key represents the Unix timestamp when the response was generated.

* "**id**": This key holds a unique identifier for the generated response. It can be useful for tracking, debugging, or referencing specific interactions.

* "**model**": This key indicates the version of the GPT model used to generate the response. Here, it's "gpt-3.5-turbo-0301."

* "**object**": This key represents the type of object returned by the API. In this case, it's "chat.completion," which means a completed chat message.

* "**usage**": This key provides information about token usage in the API call. 

|||
It has three sub-keys:
1. "**completion_tokens**": The number of tokens used in the generated response (14 in this example).
2. "**prompt_tokens**": The number of tokens used in the input prompt (31 in this example).
3. "**total_tokens**": The total number of tokens used in both input prompt and output response (45 in this example).

|||


{Check It!|assessment}(multiple-choice-2119572063)
